Bridges are not very famous now
But I concluded that
A-Eclipse
He must be a majestic hum
Isn't it a loss for you to marry him?
What do you think?
Uh sorry angel
I don't think I'm right for him
Let's forget it.
I haven't refused yet, how dare you speak first
Who do you think you are?
It's just a mistake, a few times
I really think of myself as an outsider
Tell you
Those who pursue this girl line up to the sun from here
You say this girl is not worthy of you
Oh baby
Hey don't say
This figure is really not worse than Mr. Feng
Especially those two grapes
Not big, not small, just right, hello
This girl is talking to you
What are you wandering about?
Oh.
I'll tell you the truth
You are really good
It's just that my brother has a higher vision now.
You have a temper
Brother doesn't like you
You dare to say that this girl has a big temper
Little friends don't have to rush to make a decision
I'm leaving Hangzhou in a few days.
You two can make contact first
You don't have to.
That being the case
The old man does not force
I will help you with opening the store.
Chinese New Year is coming soon.
Qin, the largest antique dealer in the country, will also come in a few days.
He is going to hold a birthday party on New Year's Eve
Families will offer gifts, you just take him
Your business will get bigger and bigger
Grandpa
How could you tell him about Qin Ye?
Hey, bridges are not outsiders.
Master Qin will come in two days
He has the final say in this antique circle
He always has a 37% share
Do you have to be prepared for this?
What? I'm only 70%?
Seventy-seven percent.
It's someone else's hum
Then I think it's better to forget it.
Why should I make money and be angry with others?
What are you bumping into?
My grandfather has to be polite when he sees Master Qin
What are you?
Hmph, with divine eyes
All the antiques in the world belong to me
What is an antique dealer?
Or ask Mr. Feng for money first
The gambling conference is over
Can I give you a chance to meet me?
It took so long
Then we'll meet when it's over.